Our Privacy Policy


Who we are

Our website address is: https://https://wassou.shop


Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.


Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.


Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.


Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.


Who we share your data with
If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email.


How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.


DATA SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
We have put in place appropriate technical and security measures to secure the information we collect. We use vault services safe and tokenization from third-party service providers to protect the sensitive personal information you provide. Third-party service providers with respect to our vault and tokenization services and our payment gateway and payment processing are Payment Card Industry Standard compliant (generally referred to as Payment Card Industry Standard compliant service providers). PCI standard). You are advised not to send your full credit/debit card details via unencrypted electronic platforms. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password which enables you to access certain parts of the Tianqi Fresh Platform, you are responsible for keeping this information confidential. We ask that you do not share your password with anyone. Please note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via the 
raa Market Platform. Once we have received your information, we will use strict physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to attempt to prevent unauthorized access.


Location data (driver and delivery person):
We collect precise or approximate location data from drivers’ and delivery persons’ mobile devices when the Livreur Wassou app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen).


Location data (riders and order recipients).
We collect precise or approximate location information from riders’ and order recipients’ mobile devices if they enable us to do so via their device settings. Livreur Wassou Market collects such data from the time order is requested until it is finished, and any time the app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen). Riders and order recipients may use the Livreur Wassou Market apps without enabling the collection of location data from their mobile devices. However, this may affect certain features in the Livreur Wassou Market apps. For example, a rider who has not enabled precise location data will have to manually enter their pickup address. In addition, precise location data collected from a driver’s device during a trip is linked to the rider’s account, even if the rider has not enabled precise location data to be collected from their device. This data is used for purposes such as receipt generation, customer support, fraud detection, insurance, and litigation. OPT-OUT When you create an account, you agree to receive emails from Livreur Wassou Market. You can sign in to manage your email preferences or you can follow the "unsubscribe" instructions in commercial emails, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative notices, service notices, or legal notices from Livreur Wassou Market.


What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.


Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service
